Our search engine will have the ability for both instructors and users to upload documents. Users of the search engine will also be able to find a study buddy if they want to study in a group rather than alone. Users will also be able to rate uploads, comment on uploads and also save uploads to their favourites to access them at a later time. A similar product that solves the same problem, which is the ability for students and instructors to be able to upload and search for documents, is Google Scholars. The similarities are as follows: both can search for documents, both have the ability to load documents and the ability to favourite/save previously used documents. Our product is different as users can now rate and comment on the documents that have been uploaded; they can get an idea of the quality and the usefulness of the document through user comments and an average rating of the document. Our product also gives the user the ability to find a study buddy that they can study with.

Our product will be for the students and instructors of the University of Toronto Mississauga. Our product will be better in the sense that anyone can upload documents compared to Google Scholar where only certain individuals can upload the documents and the type of documents is more varied in our product (exams, tests, lecture notes, etc.). This way students can get access to a wide variety of documents instead of just academic papers. Google Scholar has a different focus (academic papers) but the product is similar to ours and doesn't focus on the fact that anyone can post documents. Something like Piazza where the instructor posts any document they want is more similar to our idea, however Piazza is not a search engic. For Google Scholar to take this idea of anyone posting would be a more relaxed environment; anyone can post, more like a forum. 